a good name is to be chosen rather than
a good name is to be chosen rather than great riches loving favor
great riches loving favor
great riches loving favor rather than silver and gold the rich in
rather than silver and gold the rich in
rather than silver and gold the rich in the poor have this in common the Lord is
the poor have this in common the Lord is
the poor have this in common the Lord is the maker of them all a prudent man
the maker of them all a prudent man
the maker of them all a prudent man foresees evil and hides himself but the
foresees evil and hides himself but the
foresees evil and hides himself but the simple pass on and are punished by
simple pass on and are punished by
simple pass on and are punished by humility and the fear of the Lord are
humility and the fear of the Lord are
humility and the fear of the Lord are riches and honor and life thorns and
riches and honor and life thorns and
riches and honor and life thorns and snares are in the way of the perverse he
snares are in the way of the perverse he
snares are in the way of the perverse he who guards his soul will be far from
who guards his soul will be far from
who guards his soul will be far from them train up a child in the way he
them train up a child in the way he
them train up a child in the way he should go and when he is old he will not
should go and when he is old he will not
should go and when he is old he will not depart from it the rich rules over the
depart from it the rich rules over the
depart from it the rich rules over the poor and the borrower is servant to the
poor and the borrower is servant to the
poor and the borrower is servant to the lender
lender
lender he who sews iniquity will reap sorrow
he who sews iniquity will reap sorrow
he who sews iniquity will reap sorrow and the rod of his anger will fail he
and the rod of his anger will fail he
and the rod of his anger will fail he who has a generous eye will be blessed
who has a generous eye will be blessed
who has a generous eye will be blessed for he gives of his bread to the poor
for he gives of his bread to the poor
for he gives of his bread to the poor cast out the scoffer and contention will
cast out the scoffer and contention will
cast out the scoffer and contention will leave yes strife and reproach will cease
leave yes strife and reproach will cease
leave yes strife and reproach will cease he who loves purity of heart and has
he who loves purity of heart and has
he who loves purity of heart and has Grace on his lips
Grace on his lips
Grace on his lips the king will be his friend the eyes of
the king will be his friend the eyes of
the king will be his friend the eyes of the Lord
the Lord
the Lord preserved knowledge but he overthrows
preserved knowledge but he overthrows
preserved knowledge but he overthrows the words of the faithless the lazy man
the words of the faithless the lazy man
the words of the faithless the lazy man says there is a lion outside I shall be
says there is a lion outside I shall be
says there is a lion outside I shall be slain in the streets
slain in the streets
slain in the streets the mouth of an immoral woman is a deep
the mouth of an immoral woman is a deep
the mouth of an immoral woman is a deep pit he who is abhorred by the Lord will
pit he who is abhorred by the Lord will
pit he who is abhorred by the Lord will fall their foolishness is bound up in
fall their foolishness is bound up in
fall their foolishness is bound up in the heart of a child the rod of
the heart of a child the rod of
the heart of a child the rod of Correction will drive it far from him he
Correction will drive it far from him he
Correction will drive it far from him he who oppresses the poor to increase his
who oppresses the poor to increase his
who oppresses the poor to increase his riches and he who gives to the rich will
riches and he who gives to the rich will
riches and he who gives to the rich will surely come to poverty incline your ear
surely come to poverty incline your ear
surely come to poverty incline your ear and hear the words of the wise and apply
and hear the words of the wise and apply
and hear the words of the wise and apply your heart to my knowledge for it is a
your heart to my knowledge for it is a
your heart to my knowledge for it is a pleasant thing if you keep them within
pleasant thing if you keep them within
pleasant thing if you keep them within you let them all be fixed upon your lips
you let them all be fixed upon your lips
you let them all be fixed upon your lips so that your trust may be in the Lord I
so that your trust may be in the Lord I
so that your trust may be in the Lord I have instructed you today even you have
have instructed you today even you have
have instructed you today even you have I not written to you excellent things of
I not written to you excellent things of
I not written to you excellent things of counsels and knowledge that I may make
counsels and knowledge that I may make
counsels and knowledge that I may make you know the certainty of the words of
you know the certainty of the words of
you know the certainty of the words of truth that you may answer words of truth
truth that you may answer words of truth
truth that you may answer words of truth to those who send to you do not rob the
to those who send to you do not rob the
to those who send to you do not rob the poor because he is poor nor oppress the
poor because he is poor nor oppress the
poor because he is poor nor oppress the afflicted at the gate for the Lord will
afflicted at the gate for the Lord will
afflicted at the gate for the Lord will plead their cause and klunder the soul
plead their cause and klunder the soul
plead their cause and klunder the soul of those who plunder them make no
of those who plunder them make no
of those who plunder them make no friendship with an angry man and with a
friendship with an angry man and with a
friendship with an angry man and with a furious man do not go unless you learn
furious man do not go unless you learn
furious man do not go unless you learn his ways and set a snare for your soul
his ways and set a snare for your soul
his ways and set a snare for your soul do not be one of those who shakes hands
do not be one of those who shakes hands
do not be one of those who shakes hands in a pledge one of those who is surety
in a pledge one of those who is surety
in a pledge one of those who is surety for debts if you have nothing with which
for debts if you have nothing with which
for debts if you have nothing with which to pay
to pay
to pay why should he take away your bed from
why should he take away your bed from
why should he take away your bed from under you
under you
under you do not remove the ancient landmark which
do not remove the ancient landmark which
do not remove the ancient landmark which your fathers have set do you see a man
your fathers have set do you see a man
your fathers have set do you see a man who excels in his work he will stand
who excels in his work he will stand
who excels in his work he will stand before kings he will not stand before
before kings he will not stand before
before kings he will not stand before unknown men
unknown men
unknown men [Music]